Fixed the playbook 'Detonate File - CrowdStrike Falcon X' to send the right file name. (#19255)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalconX/ReleaseNotes/1_2_6.md

#### Playbooks
##### Detonate File - CrowdStrike Falcon X

> - Fixed an issue where 'CrowdStrike Falcon X Upload File to Sandbox' got wrong file name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **CrowdStrike Falcon X Upload File to Sandbox** task used a wrong file name.
```
